#Readme

Hi, thanks for taking a look at my application.

Best,
-Octavian 


## The architectural approach you took and why

* Basic MVVM architecture was used, with the ViewModel reaching out to a service to fetch data from the internet. The interesting part was adding polling to the fetch, as the assumption is that the stock data is changing all the time. 
* A state machine is used to control the UI on the ViewController. This a) explicitly describes the possible states and b) makes it easy to read when and how the UI changes (just check the state machine and see what's called when transitioning to a state)
* The service and ViewModel delegate conform to protocols so they can be mocked out and injected into the ViewModel in the test suite


## The trade offs you made and why

* I used a XIB for the UITableViewCell because it was quicker. A more modern approach would involve content configurations and having the UI be generated by code.
* I used the Storyboard due to time constraints. 
* I used a timer to poll for the data instead of having a button. I thought it was more intuitive from a UX standpoint 
* There is a constraints warning on running the app. It functions fine but I would fix the warning given more time.
* There is no error logging due to time. (there are TODOs though)
* Error and message (i.e. "loading...") states look similar. I'd fix this with more time.
* I'd only show the "loading..." message if the loading time took more than 1 second or two. Right now it's jarring that the user sees a message immediatley disappar upon launching the app.


## How to run your project

Open the CashStock.xcodeproj file and run the project in XCode, as per usual .


## 3rd party libraries or copied code you may have used

* I took the `CurrencyUtils` class from another project I have
* I took the `CloudDataFetchingService` class from another project I have, but altered it slightly (the task was not cancellable before)


## Additional information

I hope I didn't overdo it with the timer. To me a stock app would constantly poll, and not just display the data once. 
This took me about 3-4 hours - it's hard to say exactly, as I was fighting off Covid during the time allotted for this assignent, and scattered the work between frequent sleeping spells. 
